.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "GRIVE" 1 "January 3, 2016"
.SH NAME
grive \- Google Drive client for GNU/Linux

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grive [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I Grive
is a Google Drive (online storage service) client for GNU/Linux
systems.
.PP
It allows the synchronization of all your files on the cloud with a
directory of your choice and the upload of new files to Google Drive.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-auth\fR
Requests authorization token from Google
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Enable debug level messages. Implies \-V
.TP
\fB\-\-dry-run\fR
Only detect which files need to be uploaded/downloaded, without actually performing changes
.TP
\fB\-f, \-\-force\fR
Forces
.I grive
to always download a file from Google Drive instead uploading it
.TP
\fB\-u, \-\-upload\-only\fR
Forces
.I grive
to not download anything from Google Drive and only upload local changes to server instead
.TP
\fB\-n, \-\-no\-remote\-new\fR
Forces
.I grive
to download only files that are changed in Google Drive and already exist locally
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Produces help message
.TP
\fB\-\-ignore\fR <perl_regexp>
Ignore files with relative paths matching this Perl Regular Expression.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR <filename>, \fB\-\-log\fR <filename>
Write log output to
.I <filename>
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-http\fR <filename_prefix>
Log all HTTP responses in files named
.I <filename_prefix>YYYY-MM-DD.HHMMSS.txt
for debugging
.TP
\fB\-\-new\-rev\fR
Create new revisions in server for updated files
.TP
\fB\-p\fR <wc_path>, \fB\-\-path\fR <wc_path>
Use
.I <wc_path>
as the working copy root directory
.TP
\fB\-s\fR <subdir>, \fB\-\-dir\fR <subdir>
Sync a single
.I <subdir>
subdirectory. Internally converted to an ignore regexp.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Displays program version
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-progress-bar\fR
Print ASCII progress bar for each downloaded/uploaded file.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Verbose mode. Enables more messages than usual.

.SH .griveignore
.PP
You may create .griveignore in your Grive root and use it to setup
exclusion/inclusion rules.
.PP
Rules are similar to Git's .gitignore, but may differ slightly due to the different
implementation.
.IP \[bu]
lines that start with # are comments
.IP \[bu]
leading and trailing spaces ignored unless escaped with \\
.IP \[bu]
non-empty lines without ! in front are treated as "exclude" patterns
.IP \[bu]
non-empty lines with ! in front are treated as "include" patterns
and have a priority over all "exclude" ones
.IP \[bu]
patterns are matched against the filenames relative to the grive root
.IP \[bu]
a/**/b matches any number of subpaths between a and b, including 0
.IP \[bu]
**/a matches `a` inside any directory
.IP \[bu]
b/** matches everything inside `b`, but not b itself
.IP \[bu]
* matches any number of any characters except /
.IP \[bu]
? matches any character except /
.IP \[bu]
\[char46]griveignore itself isn't ignored by default, but you can include it in itself to ignore

.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Current maintainer is Vitaliy Filippov.
.PP
Original author was Nestal Wan.
This manpage was written by José Luis Segura Lucas (josel.segura@gmx.es)
.PP
The full list of contributors may be found here
.I http://yourcmc.ru/wiki/Grive2#Full_list_of_contributors

.SH REPORT BUGS
.PP
.I https://github.com/vitalif/grive2/issues
.I https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/grive-devel
